remove the legacy option (#397)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-docs: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/) 
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.8.2]

### Modified

> * the dems.md and rtc_product_guide.md to remove the legacy DEM option in the HyP3 processing for RTC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the RTC and DEM guides to inform users that the legacy DEM options are no longer available
```

Author: DEM is not guide. How about " the DEM description and RTC product guide to inform users that the legacy DEM options are no longer available"

Reviewer: That works too.
